{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I don\'92t really have any family, but I have friends. I have a home and pets and a job. I have a pretty typical, every day kind of life. But lately, I've been thinking about escaping. As if I am trapped. \
There\'92s just something about the work-a-day world that has been getting to me lately. Everyone has been walking around as if their lives are carved into stone. It\'92s been a long time since I\'92ve seen anyone make a brash decision. Everyone does what they\'92re told. I hate that about the world. \
I was on a business trip in Malaysia when I first noticed the abscess. My right lymph-node was swollen after a presentation at one of the big Asian technology conventions. We were in town presenting a white paper on sustainable business, that was our cover story anyway. I was really hijacking the speech and presenting our solution to the corporate overtake of the World Wide Web.\
I work for a company called Onyx. To the public, we present ourselves as a technology research firm looking into augmented reality, touch technology, and geo-locative identity mapping. We don\'92t actually do any of those things. The CEO, Jacob Sunnard, had been a guerrilla marketer and a punk in his previous life. He fell in love with communication, the very human act of communication. He\'92d started Onyx to protect the people from the online hijacking of their communications and data. Onyx makes money as a consulting firm. We do underground consulting for underground organizations trying to make a difference in the world of technology. If Jacob agrees with the politics of an organization, we\'92ll get involved. \
Onyx approaches organizations that would benefit from our particular expertise and be accepting of our particular methods. No organization has ever turned us away. Ever. We\'92ll help with online security, audience acquisition, targeted campaigning, and various MNBL (\'93might not be legal\'94) activities. \
We also go around to conferences and talked about the \'93thievery of mind\'94 or the \'93capitalization of the soul\'94 because Jacob likes messing with people. Onyx has six employees whose sole job is to write and submit white papers to conferences. Once a paper is accepted, the rest of us research the attendees of the conference and work out which of our messages will make them the most uncomfortable.\
I love my work. It allows me to pretend that I\'92m an activist. Lately though, I feel like I don\'92t make a difference at all. \
I was in Kuala Lumpur with my colleague, Dan, a short, dumpy party guy. His receding hairline and bargain basement clothes were oblivious to him. He was an arrogant, psychotic son-of-a-bitch and one of the only people in our office I could stand. Other than Dan, Jacob and Eric, I didn\'92t really like my colleagues. It\'92s not that they weren\'92t nice. Most of them were nice, but they were also way too politically correct. They were always looking around before they said anything even slightly off color. Their humor was lacking, and I found myself having to curb my speech. Dan just didn\'92t give a fuck. He was good at his job, and he had fun with his life. Everyone in the office considered him the drunkard, the village idiot. But he got shit done.\
We got to KL the same day I got a visit from Aunt Flo. That\'92s always happening to me. I go away, and I get my period or I get sick, and I spend my time noting where the bathrooms are and looking for drug stores. The night before my presentation I had cramps. Really bad cramps. I went wandering about looking for a pharmacy instead of practicing and polishing my presentation. \
I\'92d given versions of this presentation several times before, so I wasn\'92t really worried about embarrassing myself. I just happen to suffer from a little bit of performance anxiety, and when I give a presentation I wanted to \'93be on rails\'94. I\'92d learned about being on rails from my last lover. Our relationship last three hours. He said you just say your speech out loud ten times, and then you\'92ll \'93be on rails\'94, unable to be sidetracked from your purpose. \
The next morning the cramps were better thanks to a very nice young lady at the pharmacy who knew exactly which pill to give me. I awoke feeling pretty good about myself. I put on a dress and my new suit jacket and made myself look respectable.\
Dan and I took a cab to the convention. \
\'93You look rested, nice dress.\'94\
\'93Yeah, this is my \'91look-at-me-I\'92m-all-grown-up\'92 outfit.\'94\
\'93I\'92m pretty glad they decided to send you instead of that stuck up bitch June Kim. She is totally not fun. Buzz killll,\'94 Dan had a cappuccino in one hand and his smartphone in the other. \'93Did you see that story about the baby goats in Seattle?\'94\
\'93What? What are you talking about?\'94\
\'93Yeah, dude. They found a bunch of abandoned baby goats walked around in some ritzy suburb. They were all starving and whatnot.\'94\
\'93Why does this matter?\'94\
\'93They. Found. Baby. Goats. Wandering. Around. In. A. Fucking. Suburb!\'94 Dan speaking was like watching game shows on television. He was always animated, very gestural. His mannerisms reminded me of epilepsy, \'93It\'92s pandemonium out there. The people are going nuts.\'94\
I had the feeling we were going to get into a deep economic discussion if I didn\'92t change the subject.\
\'93You know that guy who works in management, Eric?\'94 Dan knew who I was asking about, the three of us had hid from Random Coworker\'92s retirement party a couple months ago. We\'92d slipped into the handicap bathroom on the second floor and smoked a spliff. We had briefly considered going back to the party so that we could have some cake, but changed our minds after realizing that we were all bonkers high. Ever since then, Eric and I have been exchanging this 
\i look
\i0 .\
\'93Yeah, I like that guy. A couple days ago, I saw him spill soup on his crotch and totally just not give a shit.\'94\
\'93Exactly, well he told me to find this guy, Scott Spencer. He was like \'91Tell him you're friends with me, then tell him you're really good friends with Jacob. Be effusive about your like for me in particular. He hates us both. It\'92ll amuse me to hear about your interaction.\'92\'94\
\'93That guy is fucking cool.\'94\
\'93I know, you gotta help me find this Scott Spencer guy. If he hates Eric and Jacob, we can probably make him hate us too.\'94 \
\'93That sounds like a fun game.\'94\
As we pulled up to the convention center, Dan pulled out a mini flask. \'93It\'92s just two swigs, but it\'92s enough to calm the jitters.\'94\
I tossed back the flask, at nine in the morning. \'93Thanks,\'94 I said after waiting for the last drop to glide from the rim and fall into my mouth.\
\'93Asshole, I wanted the second one.\'94\
The first couple of hours, we just schmoozed around. I did the networking thing, talked about our mission statement, explained our current projects and markets. I made up thirty different lies, and no one knew the difference. Part of my job was just to talk people into corners. I\'92d gotten pretty good at it over the years. Really, it\'92s all about reading people. Everyone has their nuances, their tells, that are ready to be exploited. \
To get a job at Onyx, you have to be more than meets the eye. All interviewees have an interview with HR, and those that fulfill the basic requirements go to Jacob\'92s house for dinner. It is part of the interview process. Jacob uses that dinner to get an idea about your character. Basically, he gets you drunk on expensive wine and then talks to you about any and everything that comes into his head. Your conversational skills, sarcasm, irony, wit, ability to hold your alcohol \'96 these things are on display, and Jacob makes an assessment of your character based on that one evening. Afterwards, there\'92s another interview with Jacob\'92s right-hand man, Eric. Eric never interviewed me though. Jacob hired me twenty minutes after I arrived at his house.\
Everyone had on name tags, so Dan and I branched out to look for Scott. I found him at the OmniGreen Technology booth. Scott stood as if he wear balancing his asshole just above a poison tipped spear. His crisp suit, cufflinks, and penny loafers led me to believe he wasn\'92t interested in OmniGreen\'92s efforts to recycle old hardware and build robots that would tend to our agricultural needs. I texted Dan our location.\
As I eavesdropped on the conversation, I listened to Scott sarcastically explain to the OmniGreen people what a \'93scrapyard artist\'94 was and how fucking stupid they are. Before he could cause those poor hippies to cry, I tapped him on the shoulder.\
\'93Hi, Scott Spencer?\'94 \
\'93Well, hello missy. How can Scott be of service to,\'94 he grabbed my name tag, \'93Ms. Maggie Lawson?\'94 He was undressing me with his eyes and his tongue was hanging out of his mouth. \
\'93Oh, I work with Jacob Sunnard and Eric Murphy over at Onyx. They were talking about the AR company you\'92re on the board of, and I was just looking to hear some more. You know Jacob and Eric? They\'92re great guys.\'94\
Dan slid in beside me, picking up the thread. \'93Hey Maggie, were you just talking about Jacob and Eric? I just watched Jacob\'92s SARDAN 2011 webinar. He\'92s so brilliant.\'94\
\'93Yes, I was just telling Scott here how much I like them. I heard Eric was responsible for getting gaming consoles in all our conference rooms.\'94\
Scott studied Dan and me for a moment, and then his vacant look brightened a little. \'93Oh yes, Jacob and 
\i Eric.
\i0  I haven\'92t seen them in ages. Did Eric get demoted yet for being a dumb ass?\'94 Dan and I look at each other, trying hard not to smile. \'93No, but seriously!
\i  
\i0 Both of them are just the cat\'92s meow. What are you? Their fucking fan club?\'94\
\'93No, no. They\'92re just, you know, cool is all. They were talking about the new augmented contact lens you guys are creating. All of us were talking about changing our eyes to be that scary violet color from Children of the Corn.\'94\
\'93That\'92s the kind of stuff you talk about over at Onyx. I mean, I knew you guys were weird, but come on!\'94\
Dan had a new coffee in his hand. It must have been his forth one already, and it was only ten-thirty. \'93Oh, Scott. We\'92re just happy to work for an organization that has more than three weeks vacation a year, and healthcare that takes care of our health. Nice scarf, by the way.\'94 \
\'93Anyway,\'94 I broke in, \'93I just wanted to let you know that we, and by we I mean mainly me and Eric, are really excited about the developments,\'94 I knew that Scott Spencer and his company weren\'92t any closer to solving the spatial issues inherent in the project than anyone else.\
\'93Well, yes, we\'92re definitely lightyears ahead of the competition,\'94 in Scott\'92s mind, Onyx 
\i was
\i0  the competition.\
\'93Ok. Well. It certainly was nice meeting you, shall I tell Eric and Jacob you said \'91hi\'92?\'94\
\'93Oh, yes absolutely you should. Just give them a big ol\'92 hug from me,\'94 Scott smirked and walked away.\
\'93Wait, are you serious!?\'94 I yelled out after him. It wasn\'92t a brilliant interaction by far, but the mention of Eric had certainly changed Scott\'92s demeanor. Still, I dreaded calling Eric and telling him it was an anti climatic exchange.\
When the keynote started after lunch, I was already ready to leave. There were three people speaking before me. I just sort of zoned out for all of their presentations. There were too many interesting characters in the room to look at. I felt like I was watching a Discovery Channel special on dork fashion. After my presentation, Dan came over and handed me a celebratory Mai Tai. They didn\'92t even have a bar at the convention.\
\'93Where\'92d you get this?\'94\
\'93Don\'92t worry about it, I got it from someone who knows that these conventions are fucking boring.\'94\
\'93Someone you know?\'94\
\'93That guy, over there,\'94 Dan pointed to a tall Asian fellow with a suspiciously large backpack. \'93He\'92s the party brigade.\'94\
I studied the guy for a moment. Then I took a big swing of the drink. It was delicious. Dan and I got wasted sucking down Backpack Mai Tais. When Dan\'92s wasted, he gets belligerent. He started telling people how boring and common they were. At some point a security guard tried to throw us out. Dan just laughed and said, \'93Yeah, you want us to leave? Face!\'94 and then turned around and walked back into the crowd.\
After Dan had successfully pissed off every one he came into contact with, we decided we should head down to the Blue Elephant for something a little stiffer than a Mai Tai. Dan was more than laced, and I was well on my way to being too fucked up to stand. At three am, Dan was facedown on a dance floor, and I was trying to convince the club bouncer that he didn\'92t need to call the cops. I had to drag Dan outside and throw him into a cab.\
When we got back to the hotel, Dan and I stumbled into the elevator. The cab ride had sobered him up enough to fall into walls. Dan slept next to my room in the hallway, and I slept with my head in the toilet. A few hours later, Dan pounded on the door and we both moved to the bed. We started making out, and eventually had awkward, drunk, disgusting sex. I remember waiting for it to be over, but kind of into it at the same time. Afterwards, we both passed out.\
When I awoke, Dan was missing, and I had this horrible pain in my throat accompanying the after-drinking-shame. I thought the sore throat was just a remnant from smoking, drinking, and talking too much. I felt like shit, but was supposed to be meeting and greeting some people at the convention. I was already extremely late. \
After a thorough shower, I decided to walk to the convention center. It was about a thirty minute walk, but I needed coffee and a bit of time to collect myself. Dan was no where to be found.\
As I walked through the streets of Kuala Lumpur, I wasn\'92t registering any of the things going on around me. I had a single focus: Don\'92t get fired for being a drunken idiot. I wasn\'92t even completely sure if anyone knew I wasn\'92t doing my job at the moment. I didn\'92t know what was going on, I was still wasted. I finally found a coffee three blocks from the convention center and quickly sucked it down. Then I stood there in front of the caf\'e9 and put on my happy face.\
As the day progressed, my throat started to feel tighter and tighter. At around six in the evening, I was feeling so knocked out that I could barely stand. I still hadn\'92t seen Dan, and he wasn\'92t answering his messages. I took a cab back to the hotel and twenty-nine hours later, I was awoken by a banging on my door. \
\'93What the fuck have you been doing?\'94 Dan came into the room and set a half empty bottle of vodka on the table. He kicked off his shoes and slumped into a chair.\
\'93What time is it?\'94\
\'93It\'92s fucking eleven pm on Wednesday! I\'92ve been banging on your door all day. Did you take some of those knock out drugs or what? And what the fuck is that on your neck?\'94\
My throat was hurting more than it had when I went to sleep. As I grabbed at my neck, I felt a golf ball sized growth on the right side.\
\'93Oh Christ! What is that!?\'94\
\'93I\'92ve never seen something that gross,\'94 Dan laughed.\
\'93It\'92s not oozing or anything, it\'92s just a swollen lymph-node. It\'92s really swollen. Do me a favor, look down my throat, it feels like I\'92m swallowing thumbtacks.\'94\
\'93I\'92m not getting near your mouth. Here, drink this,\'94 Dan handed me the half empty bottle of vodka. \'93It helps.\'94\
I had just slept twenty-nine hours and everything had gotten worse, so I took the vodka. What harm can a little joy juice do when you\'92re already nearly dying.\
Two days later, I was still drunk as we went to the airport to catch the flight back home. The stale, sticky air in the smoking lounge smelled a little like Tabasco sauce.\
\'93\'85And those bitches just kept hobbin the knob if you know what I\'92m saying,\'94 Dan was saying. I hadn\'92t heard the beginning of the story. I was still eating glass, and my mouth tasted like the sewage water running down the streets in Kuala Lumpur\'92s market streets. \
\'93I think I need a doctor,\'94 I barely whispered.\
\'93Yeah, well, we\'92ve got twenty minutes to board our flight, so first you\'92ll have to haul ass.\'94\
\'93Oh, fuck.\'94 I hadn\'92t been paying attention to the clock. I was in no condition to run, but the thought of spending another day here when all I wanted was a doctor, a Western doctor, was motivation enough for me to sling my laptop over my shoulder and run to the gate.\
When we arrived they were about to pull the door closed. Dan didn\'92t even pull out his ticket as he raced through the door. \'93Two more passengers!\'94 He was yelling down the jetway. From behind the gate operator was screaming at us. I pulled Dan to a stop, grabbed his ticket and turned around and breathlessly presented them to the operator. \
\'93Sorry, we have to catch this flight!\'94 Annoyed the gate operator nodded and then let me pass.\
When we got to the plane, the flight attendant looked sideways at us. Then she realized we were first class passengers and changed her demeanor. \'93Oh, we\'92re so glad to have you on board! That was a close one,\'94 her left eye hung ever so slightly lower than her right eye, and her pulled back hair pulled her face muscles making her look slightly waxy.\
\'93I want a martini with an extra bottle of gin,\'94 Dan told her as he swung into his seat.\
\'93Yes sir, anything for you ma\'92am?\'94 \
\'93I\'92ll have a vodka with Ginger Ale, another blanket, and two aspirin.\'94\
\'93Right away.\'94 As the flight attendant turned to leave, Dan was staring at her legs.\
\'93What do you think happened to her?\'94\
I leaned over the aisle to take a look at what Dan was talking about and noted the large, crescent shaped scar covering her calf. \'93I don\'92t know, shark bite?\'94\
Dan laughed for a minute and then pushed his call button. Another flight attendant was immediately at his side. \'93I\'92ve been sitting here for forty-five seconds! Where\'92s my booze!?\'94 The flight attendant apologized and then scurried away.\
\'93Jesus Dan, do you have to be such an asshole?\'94\
\'93I never get to fly first class, I\'92m getting my money\'92s worth.\'94\
\'93It\'92s not your money.\'94\
\'93No matter.\'94\
The flight attendant arrived with our requests. I chased the aspirin down with the vodka Ginger Ale. I held my breath as we took off. Before we stopped ascending, I was already done with my drink.\
\'93Hey! Get mi Amiga another vodka Ginger Ale!\'94 \
\'93You know, Dan, I can order my own drinks,\'94 I didn\'92t really want another drink until it arrived seconds later. \
I took a sip and then nestled back into my oversize, first class seat. I thought about all the poor saps back in coach with their knees up against the seat. I thought about how every single time I\'92d ever flown, I had to walk through first class and watch the rich fucks get served mimosas and little hot towelettes. I thought about how angry it made me to be squished in economy class with the sniveling fat guy on my left and the redneck kid blasting country music from his headphones on my right. That kid should have been deaf, I could understand every lyric. I thought about that one time in particular when there were two babies on the plane, and neither one of them liked flying very much. They cried and cried, and I remember having really mean, unnatural kinds of thoughts. I felt bad about it immediately afterwards, but the thoughts were there. That was the same transatlantic flight when the old guy sitting behind me coughed on my hair all night long. \
I took another sip of the vodka and then smiled to myself. \'93Suckers,\'94 I thought. \
\'93So, uh, that was fun the other night,\'94 Dan was starting to settle in. \
\'93What the drunk fucking or the psychotic rampage that came before it?\'94\
\'93Both, that was just fun. You don\'92t, uh, you aren\'92t\'85\'94\
\'93Dan, we both had drunk sex, I\'92m sure it was good in the moment, but we should probably just forget about it before I throw up.\'94\
\'93I was thinking exactly the same thing. Not that you weren\'92t great or anything it\'92s just\'85\'94\
\'93Trust me, I know. Let\'92s pretend it never happened.\'94\
\'93Deal. We can still be friends though, right?\'94\
\'93Oh for Christ\'92s sake, are you serious?\'94\
\'93Good, that\'92s what I thought.\'94\
I covered myself up and went to sleep. I didn\'92t awake for the entire flight. When we landed, Dan punched me to wake me up. \
\'93I\'92ve never seen anyone sleep like that. I could have had my way with you and you never would have noticed.\'94\
\'93You know, I could file sexual harassment charges on you,\'94 I said.\
\'93Yeah, but you won\'92t. I know you\'92re a sick fuck, even if you are a girl.\'94 \
I swallowed as I closed my eyes. I\'92d never had that kind of pain in my throat before, and I\'92d always been prone to getting strep. It was as if jagged teeth were sawing through my trachea, as if my esophagus was being cleaned with a steel scouring pad. The breathing was starting to get tight, and I fantasized about not waking up again.\
In the airport, I was feeling dizzy. I just wanted to sleep some more, even though I\'92d been sleeping much of the last several days. The flight was direct, but still nineteen hours. I had slept through all of it. At the baggage carousel, I gathered my bags, told Dan I\'92d see him later, and then grabbed a taxi. When I got home, I threw my bags on the floor. I popped another two aspirin and then went to sleep. It was too late in the day to go see my doctor anyway. His walk-in hours are only until nine-thirty on Sundays. I don\'92t know why he has hours on Sundays at all.}