{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green255\blue79;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Go home\
Hospital call\
News story: 6 days since the surgery, Unexplained deaths of four of five hospital staff\
Infection - 3 days incubation after exposure, 2 days infected leads to death. Return to life 1 day.\
	Slow response time\
	Skin discoloration\
	Coughing blood\
	Nose bleeds\
	vomiting\
	Flu symptoms\
Rise from the dead\
	Slow motor skills\
	Lack of facial expressions\
	Teeth, Hair, and nail deterioration\
	Deteriorating flesh\
	Affinity for violence\
Conference call to Jacob and Eric for tactical support because Jacob loves skirting authority  \
Hospital again\
Lie to the cops\
s, call Dan and get him to give me his jeep. Then I\'92m going to drive to where my high school friend, Niela, owns a patch of land and not a bit of debt. \
Hide out at Eric\'92s for a couple of days\
(June\'92s on TS and she does something underhanded, but she\'92s vetted so wtf\'85how about a threatened child. Sure, June has a sister and a niece\'85) \
See the newspaper story about the hospital.\
\
Analyst shows the IRC log from Harron administrators - CDC - Mortician\'92s autopsy, circular saw\
Vinyl nerd Dan is buying a jukebox from the neighbor of bar cowboy guy \cb2 who I should probably better describe in the bar scene\cb1 \
Old Bar lady has little red riding hood semi punk granddaughter who brings her liquor every WEDNESDAY. Her name is Clarissa\
Maggie gets bitten on the tube and stitches her own wound\
Get the jeep\
Dan comes with\
In 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
Patient Zero ("Maggie Lawson") is calling Onyx for tactical support. They have access to lots of cash and underground do gooders who happen to use guerrilla techniques for just about everything they do. \
\
Maggie\'a0is going to need to disappear a bit so that the authorities don't lock her up in quarantine. They are really, really going to want to lock her up after the hospital gore. Onyx is going to help\'a0Maggie\'a0skirt the government who are everywhere and help with the cleanup (ie the trail of zombies\'a0Maggie\'a0accidentally makes). She'll also be needing weapons at some point because every zombie story has a standoff. This one is going to be somewhere rural and awesome. \
\
How does she spread the disease. It's not sex. Blood, I guess, but it's so complicated to mix blood...I figured I'd kill off the hospital staff first because its completely predictable. \'a0\

\b \
Open wounds spread the virus: Surgeon team dies, nurses don\'92t except one who was not on the surgeon team (nurse I coughed blood at), poisonous blood, travels through air.
\b0 \
\
After I get\'a0Maggie out of the hospital and on the move, I'll be needing a plan. She's going to need the support of Onyx to figure out how to get rid of the virus, avoids the authorities, fight the zombies. What kind of crazy situations is she going to get into that Onyx helps her out of? Hmm....Stories are hard.\
\
Whatever I can't figure out will be accomplished by magic.\'a0\
\
}