{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93I don\'92t fucking care if Scott Spencer is begging for an audience to show off his fucking contact lenses. We\'92re not getting involved with those douchebags, even on a superficial level.\'94 Jacob isn\'92t exactly yelling at June, but she looks distraught. She\'92s obviously been pushing the meeting for the last few minutes. \
Eric and I have just entered the conference room.\
\'93Oh, that reminds me,\'94 I say to Eric, \'93in Kuala Lumpur, I found Scott Spencer and told him how fantastic you are. Dan and I had a nice little exchange with him.\'94\
\'93Did he run off and pout?\'94\
\'93Yeah, right after he called you a dumbass.\'94\
\'93Awesome. I influence people.\'94\
June\'92s job is to keep up the Onyx charade. It\'92s her job to make sure everyone still believes that Onyx is doing technology research. She does this in a variety of ways, one of which is setting up meetings to have a back and forth with competitors in the field. Our knowledge bank and network connections are extensive enough that June has original data to present whenever she needs it. She also goes to conferences and meet-ups in the field and talks to people about projects that don\'92t exist. She is still trying to convince Jacob that if Onyx is to maintain its public image, they need to show interest in the augmented reality research Scott Spencer\'92s company is doing.\
\'93InterVision has taken steps beyond what the other players are doing. Everyone is clamoring to get into that meeting, and Scott Spencer called me personally to invite representatives from Onyx.\'94\
\'93Why did he call you?\'94 Dan asks.\
\'93Well, um, we had a drink together at last years OSCON. He likes me.\'94\
\'93He likes your\'85\'94 Dan cuts himself off, and I laugh.\
\'93What!? Go ahead, say it! See if I don\'92t slap you!\'94 Despite her fascination with her own reflection, June isn\'92t a stupid person. She\'92s manipulative, confident, and intelligent. If she wasn\'92t such a bitch, we could be friends. June has, however, reserved judgement on everyone in the office except for Jacob and Eric. Her flirtatious attitude around them is a signal of her utmost respect and her desire to get either one of them into a more horizontal position.\
\'93Alright children,\'94 Jacob chimes in. \'93Here\'92s the deal: June, you can go to the meeting at InterVision that \'91everyone is clamoring to get into\'92, but that\'92s it. No press releases, no on-the-record comments about how Onyx is interested in InterVision\'92s solutions. I don\'92t want to see anything more than \'91A representative from Onyx was in attendance\'92 in any paper, periodical, blog, website, magazine, or other form of communication. Got it?\'94\
\'93Yes, but one article with\'85\'94\
\'93No damnit! No articles, don\'92t be overly public. I don\'92t want Onyx associated with InterVision\'92s research in a few months when Scott Spencer and his board of cronies screw the pooch and announce that their fucking contact lenses burn holes in your eyes. Stay away from them, we don\'92t need that cover.\'94\
June slinks out of the conference room and into her office. She\'92ll follow orders, she\'92s part of Onyx, but I can see that she doesn\'92t agree with Jacob\'92s assessment of the future. \
\'93I like sparring with June, but I\'92m fucking sick and tired of talking about Scott \'91Douchebag\'92 Spencer,\'94 Jacob says to us. \'93So what\'92s the plan?\'94 He whispers the question.\
\'93Oh, we can talk in front of Dan,\'94 I say, and Dan looks up from his rubberband ball. \'93I asked him for help first.\'94\
\'93I totally told her that I am a useless sack of shit and that she had to come to you guys.\'94\
Eric and Jacob smile, and the four of us sit down. Dan shoves the InterVision research onto the floor, and Jacob pats him on the back for it.\
\'93We\'92re going to head over to Chestnut Avenue and talk to a Ms. Bethany Fordson. She\'92s a janitor at Harron. I\'92m taking a cashbox. I will pay her whatever she wants.\'94\
\'93How do we know her? And why aren\'92t you asking me permission to \'91pay her what she wants\'92?\'94 Jacob is still smiling.\
\'93She\'92s been catalogued as SA, and I don\'92t need your permission to do my job,\'94 Eric has never taken Jacob\'92s shit. His arrogance is intoxicating, but also rightly placed. He knows that he\'92s good, and he let\'92s other people know it too. It\'92s one of the things I like about him.\
\'93Can I come?\'94 Dan asks.\
\'93No.\'94 Eric and I say in unison.\
\'93Fine, fuck you guys then,\'94 Dan feigns hurt, but he doesn\'92t really care.}