{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 On the way out of the office, Eric grabs keys to one of the black A6s. We head downstairs and out into the parking lot.\
\'93Let me drive,\'94 I say. I love to drive. I don\'92t do it much because my life doesn\'92t require a car very often. I don\'92t even own one. I\'92m happy with my bicycle and public transportation, but I love to drive when the opportunity presents itself.\
\'93No way, I\'92m driving.\'94 Eric rides a bike to work too. I can only assume he feels the same way about driving as I do.\
\'93Let me drive!\'94 \
\'93Not on your life.\'94 I give up and let Eric unlock the passenger-side door for me. Eric screeches out of the parking lot and barrels down Fifth like he\'92s being chased by the cops. On the way to Chestnut Avenue, I think about the moments we\'92ve shared over the past few months, but the warmness of those thoughts are clouded by my impending death. I\'92m hoping that Ms. Fordson already knows everything I need to know, but I\'92m not expecting it. Eric and I don\'92t talk much on the ride over. A few phrases back and forth, but mostly we are both preoccupied.\
When we come to Chestnut Avenue, I wonder why I\'92ve never been in this neighborhood before. The tiny houses all look the same, except for the color and the amount of random garden figurines decorating the front yard. All the houses are slightly run down, and there is no one to be seen. The lawns are not mowed. The fences have missing fenceposts. The mailboxes are broken. The driveways are made from cement instead of asphalt, and the entire neighborhood screams \'93average\'94. The people that live in this neighborhood are average people who have average relationships in average lives.\
\'93Here we are,\'94 Eric says as he swings the A6 into one of the driveways. \'93She\'92s not working until later, I checked her schedule. I hope she\'92s home.\'94\
We climb out of the car and walk up the driveway. I bypass the doorbell and knock three times. A woman comes to the door. I see her face through the window. She looks a little surprised. She opens the door but remains behind the screen door. The woman is slightly heavyset, but with a round, friendly face that makes me believe she would bake cookies for me if I asked her.\
\'93Can I help you?\'94 she asks.\
\'93Bethany? Bethany Fordson?\'94 Eric always takes command. It\'92s another thing I like about him.\
\'93Yes?\'94\
\'93Can we come in?\'94\
\'93Who are you?\'94 Bethany looks a little frightened. Her friendly face shows concern, like we\'92re about to beat her up and take her garden gnomes.\
\'93We\'92re from Onyx, we\'92d like to talk to you.\'94\
\'93Onyx? That sounds familiar,\'94 Bethany stares through us trying to remember why she might have visitors from Onyx on her doorstep. \'93Come on in, I guess.\'94\
We step through the doorway and claustrophobia overcomes me. Bethany\'92s walls, ceilings, and floors are covered with knick-knacks and trinkets. Books, sculptures, candles, and a thousand different blankets, pillows, and photographs cover every surface. I look at some of the books on her shelves, and realize that Bethany, the janitor, has two lives. Her collection of French literature alone indicates that the woman is in no way a simpleton.\
\'93Can I get you something to drink?\'94 She asks as she clears two spaces on the overstuffed sofa.\
\'93No. Thank you, we\'92re fine.\'94 I assume Eric doesn\'92t want anything and don\'92t bother waiting for him to answer the question himself. Bethany takes a seat on the chair across from us.\
\'93So, what can I help you with?\'94\
\'93Well, you work at Harron Medical Center, correct?\'94\
\'93Yes?\'94\
Eric takes the lead from me. \'93We work for a company called Onyx. You spoke with some of our representatives a while back at a World for Web rally.\'94\
The look on Bethany\'92s face goes from fear to understanding. \'93Ahh, yes,\'94 she smiles, \'93I was quite taken with your people.\'94\
\'93Well, at the time they told you that we would like to use you as a thought contractor.\'94\
\'93Yes, but I thought it was a joke. They told me they would pay me for \'91information\'92, but I don\'92t know anything valuable.\'94\
\'93We think you might, and if you don\'92t, we think you might be able to gather some. We\'92re willing to pay for it.\'94 Eric doesn\'92t even wait to see if she offers to collect information for free. \
\'93What exactly are you looking for?\'94\
\'93We need information on the staff member deaths, the quarantine, and the murder that have happened the last couple of days at Harron.\'94\
\'93Oh\'85well, actually I do know some things about that, but\'85\'94 She doesn\'92t feel awkward about giving us the information, she feels awkward about asking for the money.\
\'93Great!\'94 Eric opens his briefcase and puts ten thousand in cash on the table between Bethany and us. \'93That\'92s ten thousand. Tell us what you know.\'94\
\'93Is this legal?\'94\
\'93Buying information is the cornerstone of our entire society. It\'92s legal, but you don\'92t have to brag about it. And we\'92d greatly prefer if you never utter the word Onyx to another living soul unless, of course, you\'92re talking about jewelry.\'94\
\'93Well alright then,\'94 Bethany leans back in her chair. \'93I had an especially hard job this past week. When the surgeon and his team got sick the first time, I was on cleanup duty for that floor. All four of them were vomiting non stop, and they were getting nosebleeds too. That wasn\'92t the worst of it though. They had coughing fits. They coughed up more blood than I\'92ve ever seen. Sometimes they coughed and puked at the same time. We all felt so bad for them. A bunch of respected surgeons crying like that while lying in their own fluids. They couldn\'92t even stand up. And their skin color.\'94\
\'93What about their skin color?\'94 I asked. This morning when I looked in the mirror, I had briefly wondered if my skin looked different. I figured it was the light.\
\'93The longer they were sick, the grayer they became. In the end those poor people were just gray. None of us could imagine that they would make it much longer. We were right. They just started dying one after the other. We stayed with them the whole time, it was horrible.\'94\
\'93Were they in quarantine as well?\'94\
\'93Oh, yes. We all had hazard suits, but we tried to stay with them as much as possible. You really can\'92t imagine how terrifying it was.\'94 I stand up abruptly and walk out of the room. Bethany\'92s expression and the image in my head are too much for me to bear. I need air. \'93Are you alright dear?\'94 Bethany calls after me, but I don\'92t stop. I walk right through her kitchen and out onto her back porch. \
Outside I start hyperventilating. Oh fantastic, I\'92m thinking. I\'92m going to have a panic attack at some woman\'92s house with Eric in the other room. Shit. I force myself to focus on a flower pot and breathe slowly and deliberately. I can bring myself back from the brink of a pathetic panic attack, just have to focus.\
Focus.\
\'93Are you ok?\'94 Eric puts his arm around me. I brush him off.\
\'93I\'92m fine.\'94\
\'93You could just\'85\'94\
\'93I\'92m fine,\'94 I say as I walk back into the house. I need to hear the rest of what Bethany has to say. \'93Sorry about that, I just really needed some air right then.\'94 I smile at Bethany, and her concern fades a bit. \'93What can you tell us about the nurse in quarantine?\'94 Bethany shakes her head. \
\'93Oh dear, she\'92s going the same direction. They can\'92t figure out what\'92s making her sick.\'94 \
\'93And the murder?\'94 Eric asks as he enters the room.\
\'93I don\'92t really know anything about the murder. It\'92s very strange though. The mortician, Dr. Paul, was a nice guy. I don\'92t know why anyone would want to kill him. I just think it\'92s weird that he was killed the same evening all four of the surgeons team were brought to him.\'94\
\'93Wait, the surgeon and his team died the day before.\'94 I\'92m trying to keep track of the timing on all of this, it seems important. My brain feels fuzzy though. I look at Eric for the first time since we\'92ve come inside. He\'92s taking notes. Of course, I can count on Eric to be on the ball. That\'92s another reason I like him.\
\'93Yes, but they had the bodies in another freezer because Dr. Paul\'92s freezers short circuited. As soon as they were fixed, the orderlies moved the bodies.\'94\
\'93Do you know the orderlies the news is talking about? The one that \'91issued a sharp blow\'92?\'94 Eric doesn\'92t notice that I\'92m looking at him.\
\'93I know them a bit.\'94\
\'93Can you talk to them and ask them what they saw when you go to work tonight?\'94\
\'93Of course. You know my schedule?\'94\
Eric stands up and offers me his hand. I take it and he pulls me off the couch. Once I\'92m up, he doesn\'92t let go of my hand. \
\'93I looked it up to find out where you live and if you\'92d be home. Don\'92t worry about it. We\'92re just collecting a little information. We really appreciate it. Here\'92s my card. Just give me a call. Hopefully soon, we\'92re on a deadline with this one.\'94\
\'93Um, ok. Sure. Thanks for stopping by,\'94 she pauses and looks at the money, \'93and for giving me a bunch of money.\'94\
\'93Make it worth it,\'94 Eric says, and we walk out the door together. Eric is still holding my hand. When we get to the car, I ask to drive. He hands me the keys, and I screech out of the neighborhood. \
\'93Whoa! Where are we going in such a hurry?\'94 He can see that I\'92m upset, and he tries to lighten the mood. I\'92m glad he\'92s there, but I\'92m preoccupied inside my own head. I\'92m driving towards my house. I don\'92t bother answering him because I know that it doesn\'92t matter where we\'92re going. Eric understands what that conversation just put in my head. My current intention is to go to my house and find some kind of medication that will calm me down and fuck me up at the same time. I\'92m starting to feel exhausted and it\'92s barely after noon.\
I have a red shoebox under my bathroom sink. That\'92s where I keep my collection of random drugs. I don\'92t really do drugs, but keeping leftover painkillers, antibiotics, mood medications, and pick-me-ups always seemed like an intelligent thing to do. That red box has saved my ass more times than I could count. It\'92s been saving me this week. The doctors were rationing out painkillers like I was a junky, despite the fact I had just had a pretty painful operation. I\'92d taken a pill last night, but it had been wearing off since my first cupcake.\
I park the car outside my building and turn it off.\
\'93What are we doing here?\'94 Eric asks as he steps out of the car.\
\'93I live here,\'94 I say walking towards my building.\
\'93I know,\'94 he points to the dead flowers that are still sitting in front of the door. \'93I sent those the day after you got back from Malaysia.\'94\
\'93You did? Really? You\'92re not just saying that because they look dead and forgotten and you know you could claim such a thing, and I wouldn\'92t know the difference?\'94\
\'93You\'92re such an asshole. I like that. But really, I sent the flowers.\'94\
\'93I\'92m sorry. When I got back, I went to bed. The next morning they weren\'92t there when I left. They weren\'92t there when I stopped in and drank Tequila before I went to the hospital.\'94\
\'93I asked them to deliver them in the evening, so that you could sleep in. I thought you\'92d be tired.\'94 He doesn\'92t look disappointed at all, more amused that the flowers were still sitting there, shriveled and browned. \'93So you didn\'92t read the card?\'94\
\'93No. Sorry, by the time I saw them, the ink was washed away. Um, thanks, I guess.\'94 I try to smile at him while sticking my key in the door, but I can\'92t concentrate on the key and have to turn away from him. Once we\'92re upstairs, I offer him a coffee, but he turns it down. He looks at me inquisitively. I go into the bathroom and get the red box. I bring it back it the living room and sit down on the floor. Eric comes and sits behind me.\
\'93Maggie, talk to me. Are you ok?\'94\
\'93I need drugs,\'94 I say as I flip open the box and start scavenging around for a painkiller strong enough to make my throat and my brain numb.\
\'93Well, I\'92m sure we can get you whatever you want, you little junky.\'94\
\'93You know I just had surgery, right? Do you know what it feels like to have fresh wounds in the back of your throat?\'94\
\'93No, but I know what it tastes like.\'94 I push him away, trying not to laugh at myself. I can\'92t believe he kissed me that second time. He must really like me. \
\'93Just shut up. I\'92ve found it.\'94 I pull out a bottle of Percocets and take two of them. Then I stand up and pull Eric into the bedroom. \'93I\'92m not going back to the office just yet,\'94 I tell him after falling into my bed. Eric lies down beside me and brushes the hair out of my face.\
\'93Yeah, me neither.\'94}