{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 It\'92s the phone ringing that wakes me up. Eric is already awake, or maybe he never slept. In any case, he\'92s watching me. Normally, that would make me uncomfortable, but right now it doesn\'92t. \
\'93How long have I been sleeping?\'94\
\'93Just an hour,\'94 he says as he reaches for the phone.\
\'93No, don\'92t\'85\'94 but it\'92s too late. \
\'93Hello?\'85May I ask who\'92s calling?\'85I\'92d be happy to leave her a message\'85She\'92s not in at the moment\'85Yes, I understand, but she\'92s not in at the moment\'85I don\'92t have that kind of authority over her\'85Yes, I\'92ll tell her\'85Ok.\'94 He hangs up the phone again and turns towards me. \'93That was the hospital, they want you to go there immediately.\'94 Eric pulls me towards him.\
\'93Phh, fat chance. I\'92m not going anywhere near Harron until I figure out what the hell is going on there.\'94\
\'93You know, they sound concerned about your health.\'94\
\'93No. They were waiting on a biopsy, to see if I\'92m contagious.\'94\
\'93That seems kind of important.\'94\
\'93Oh shit. I didn\'92t even think about getting you sick when I kissed you. I\'92m so sorry, I\'92ll never forgive myself if\'85\'94 Eric puts his hand over my mouth and shakes his head.\
\'93Stop. Just stop.\'94 He kisses me again and embraces me. I feel warm. \'93I don\'92t think you\'92re contagious, if you were Dan would have gotten sick.\'94 I think about this for a moment and realize he\'92s absolutely right. Why hadn\'92t I thought of that? Dan was with me the entire time in Malaysia and on the way home. He was with me almost until I checked myself into the hospital, and I was definitely sick before I got back into the States.\
\'93You\'92re right. Dan\'92s fine. He\'92s just as dicky and enthusiastic as ever.\'94\
\'93You, um, don\'92t have feelings for him do you?\'94 What the hell kind of question is that? I mean, really? I need to start wearing more conservative clothes or something, I must look easy.\
\'93Jesus, God. No! We\'92re friends, but that\'92s it.\'94 I elect not to tell Eric that Dan and I got drunk and had embarrassing, forgettable sex. Instead, I decide to forget about it and pretend like it never happened.\
Eric and I talk for another hour about films and books and music. We deliver lines like we\'92re in a sitcom, rapid fire, talking over each other. For a few moments we forget about my predicament. Until someone knocks on the door. I go to it and look out the peephole. There are two police officers standing outside my door.\
\'93Fuck,\'94 I whisper. I go back into the bedroom. \'93Eric\'85there\'92s cops at the door. What do I do?\'94 The officers knock again.\
\'93I\'92ll take care of it. Just stay here.\'94 As he walks out of the bedroom, he shuts the door. I sit down with my back against the door and listen to his footsteps.\
\'93Hi,\'94 Eric says.\
\'93Oh, hello. We\'92re looking for a Ms. Maggie Lawson. This 
\i is
\i0  her apartment, is it not?\'94\
\'93Yes, this is her apartment, but she isn\'92t here.\'94\
\'93And who exactly are you?\'94\
\'93Uh\'85well, I guess you could say I\'92m her boyfriend.\'94 Eric knows I\'92m listening, we\'92re been dating for like six hours, and he\'92s calling me his boyfriend. It\'92s a little presumptuous, I think. We\'92ve hardly ever hung out outside of work. \
\'93Do you know where she is?\'94\
\'93Yes, she\'92s on a business trip in St. Louis. Why? What\'92s this about?\'94 Then again, maybe I should just consider him my boyfriend. He\'92s always on my mind, and it\'92s not like I don\'92t need someone to lie to police officers for me. In fact, I definitely need someone that cares about me enough to lie to the cops. That\'92s not the type of thing that just anyone will do for you. \
\'93When does she return?\'94 I imagine the officers arresting Eric for some reason. I consider going out of the bedroom, but can\'92t bring myself to stand up. \'93Sir?\'94\
\'93I\'92m just trying to decide if I should tell you that,\'94 Eric says, and I just swoon.\
\'93Well, sir, yes. Yes, you should tell us. We have a warrant, and you will be obstructing justice if you don\'92t tell us where Ms. Lawson is.\'94\
\'93A warrant? For what?\'94 It\'92s incredible, it\'92s like Eric is reading my mind. He\'92s answering all the questions with exactly the response I would have said into his earpiece were he wearing an earpiece. \
\'93We don\'92t have to give you that information.\'94\
\'93I\'92d still like to know.\'94 I hear one of the officers sigh, and I pray that Eric stop pushing their buttons, tell them a lie about when I am coming back, and then come back into the bedroom. The officers hesitate for a few moments. I imagine they\'92re looking him over. They must decide that he looks respectable (he does look respectable).\
\'93Well, we have a warrant to pull her in for questioning on the Harron Medical Center incidents.\'94\
\'93Why? She had surgery there last week, but you can\'92t think she has anything to do with the deaths!\'94\
\'93We\'92re just trying to understand what happened. She left against medical advice, and now people are dead. We just want to talk to her.\'94\
\'93Well, she won\'92t be back until Monday, but I can tell you that she left the hospital because the food sucked.\'94\
\'93Are you serious? Who would do that? Leaving against medical advice because she doesn\'92t like the food?\'94\
\'93Maggie would do that.\'94 Eric knows me more than I would have thought.\
\'93Please tell her to turn herself in. Otherwise, we\'92ll be back to pick her up on Monday. We\'92re questioning every patient in that wing, so we need to talk to her.\'94\
\'93Yes, sir. I\'92ll let her know.\'94 Eric shuts the front door, and comes to the bedroom door. He tries to come in and shoves the door against my back. \'93Sorry,\'94 he says. I let him into the room. \
\'93This is good,\'94 he says as he pulls me off of the floor and back to the bed. \'93I just lied to the cops. Again.\'94\
\'93Again?\'94\
\'93Never mind. Listen we need to go back to the office and get you set up.\'94\
\'93Maybe I should just go talk to them. I mean, I don\'92t have anything to hide. I didn\'92t do anything.\'94\
\'93At the very least, I think we should wait to hear what Bethany says tomorrow morning,\'94 he pauses for a moment, thinking it over. \'93Yeah, we should go into the office, are you feeling alright?\'94 I\'92m feeling decent, but not energetic. It\'92s as if all of my limbs have a couple dozen fishing weights tied to them. The painkiller is doing its job, but if I wanted to use my brain, I was going to need some pep. I didn\'92t know all of this was going to be so invasive in my life when I checked myself into the hospital. I stand up and grab the red box again. Eric raises his eyebrows, but I don\'92t pay him any attention. Instead, I rummage through the box, find some uppers, and pop two in my mouth.\
\'93Now I\'92m ready.\'94\
}