{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 When we get back to the office, no one is in the conference room, but we didn\'92t need to look in to find that out. The eleventh floor is vibrating. We walk to Jacob\'92s office where we find Dan playing video games and yelling at the screens. I try several times to announce our arrival, but the volume is up too loud, and Dan is focused on a machete rampage. I wait until the rampage is over, then I tap his shoulder, he jumps three feet into the air, drops the controller, and puts his hands up like he\'92s about to get in a fight. When he processes that it\'92s me, he smiles, a little embarrassed, and mutes the game. \
\'93You scared the shit out of me. Did you fucking see that!? I just killed a hundred and twenty-seven gangsters in one freaking rampage. I am so awesome.\'94 It\'92s not uncommon for one of the Onyx employees to burst out of Jacob\'92s office whooping and screaming about something that was accomplished in a game.\
\'93Yeah, we know. Where are June and Jacob?\'94 I\'92m not actually at all concerned with where they are. They left. They went somewhere. I don\'92t care. I don\'92t know why I asked the question. I try not to be the type of person that engages in small talk, but every once in a while I just slip and do the same thing that millions of people all over the world do. I say things I don\'92t mean. I ask questions just to ask.\
\'93They left a while ago, they\'92re still fighting about the InterVision meeting.\'94 Dan is looking at me strangely, he knows I don\'92t care. \
\'93Whatever. Listen, the cops just came by my place, they want to haul me in\'85\'94\
\'93So how\'92d you get out of that?\'94\
\'93I lied to them,\'94 Eric says.\
\'93I\'92m not going back to the hospital. I\'92m not going to be quarantined and questioned. I don\'92t know anything. Plus the food sucks.\'94 Eric smiles. I like it when he smiles. Eric has the most devious smile I\'92ve ever seen. It seems as if his smile is always hiding something, and I find myself desperate to know what it is. \'93Do me a favor, try hacking into the Harron Intranet. Maybe they\'92re using IRC or something.\'94\
Dan turns off the game and sits down at Jacob\'92s desk. He flips open the 46-Book and starts hacking. He just starts working on it, without question, without bitching. I\'92m pretty surprised by this. I don\'92t even know if he saved his game.\
\'93Just like that?\'94 I ask.\
\'93Yeah, well. I had on autosave, plus I hate cops. I love subversion, and I\'92m curious. I\'92ll find a line in within an hour.\'94\
\'93Thanks. I\'92m going to see if I can find one of the analysts to read whatever you find.\'94 \
The analysts at Onyx are like mole people. They are always hiding in the dark somewhere, always sequestered in a fortress of solitude going through information. They have offices on this floor, but none of them are ever up here. Usually, the analysts spread out all over the building and find a dark corner where they won\'92t be bothered. There\'92s ten of them, and their job is simply to comb through the masses of information we collect and find whatever it is we\'92re looking for. I can\'92t imagine having that job. When they find something, they isolate it, format it, and send it to our Onyx smartphones. They never come to talk to us, and we don\'92t generally go looking for them. We send them hyperlinks and access codes, they do their jobs. I don\'92t even think they talk to each other. It\'92s like they don\'92t exist, but they save all of us massive amounts of time. \
For this particular job, I want to meet my analyst. I don\'92t know why, but I want to explain what I\'92m looking for face to face. In order to do this, I should probably think about what I\'92m looking for. I guess I just want to know about this sickness. I felt ok earlier, but as the day progresses I\'92m feeling worse and worse. I\'92m wondering if this is because I just had surgery and am running around without regard for my weakened state, or if that weird sickness is going to hit me suddenly.\
I walk out of Jacob\'92s office and head to the stairs. I didn\'92t say anything to Eric, I just walked out. I like him, but I\'92m not really ready to be public about it, not that Dan is public. Maybe it\'92s a self esteem problem that I have, but even though Eric tells me that he wants me, even though he shows me that he cares, I am unwilling to believe it. The best way to avoid heartache and pain is to be slightly mean, push him away a bit, and hope that he starts to be mean back. Then I don\'92t have to fall anymore. It will hurt less if he\'92s mean to me now rather than later. \
Really, I\'92m psychoanalyzing myself after a mere six or seven hours of actual, confirmed mutual feelings? I\'92m already planning the demise of the relationship that I\'92ve barely even started? I\'92m not really into therapy, but sometimes I seriously consider getting myself a therapist. At the very least the outside world would think I\'92m trying to solve my ridiculous psychoses. \
I take the stairs down to the tenth floor and walk into a blanket of darkness. I wasn\'92t kidding about these people being like moles. They keep all the lights off and hide themselves away. I stand there for a moment, letting my eyes adjust, and then I look around for the cold, blue reflection of a computer monitor. I have to walk around a bit because there are offices and cubicles obstructing my view of the entire office. In the far corner, I see a flicker on the ceiling, and I walk towards it. \
There on the floor with his back against the wall is a guy with the face of a fifteen year old and a shaved head. His computer is balanced on his knees, and he\'92s quickly typing away. An infantry of sweat beads is collected around the metal band of his headphones, and his glasses are halfway down his nose. He doesn\'92t noticed me approaching. The concentrated look on his face and the speed at which he\'92s typing tells me that he\'92s transcribing whatever it is he was listening to. I didn\'92t realize they transcribed the recordings. I mean, it makes sense, but I would think that note taking would be sufficient for our purposes. I wonder if there\'92s actually a protocol for that. I wonder if we should have recorded the conversation we had with Bethany. I suppose I need someone to listen to the police frequencies and someone to read the IRCs from Harron, but the analyst doesn\'92t actually need to transcribe anything. He just needs to pay attention and pull out information about the sickness or about me.\
I get a little closer and kneel down, just watching him. I watch his eye flicker towards me, and I know he\'92s registered that I\'92m there. He keeps typing for another two minutes, then bangs his enter key and rips the headphones off. \
\'93You know,\'94 he says, \'93there\'92s a reason I\'92m in this corner in the dark.\'94 Wow, what a dick. I thought he was going to be meek or shy, but instead he was just looking at me like I\'92d just barbecued one of his hamsters and served it with mustard. I never respond well in these situations.\
\'93You know,\'94 I say back, \'93there\'92s a reason I came to find you in the dark.\'94\
\'93You don\'92t even know who I am.\'94\
\'93No. I don\'92t, but you\'92re an analyst for Onyx, so I know you\'92re wicked smart. I figured I would take an opportunity to get to know one of you. My name\'92s Maggie.\'94\
\'93I\'92ve been working here for five years, 
\i Maggie
\i0 , and no one has ever come to find me.\'94 His voice was no longer annoyed, just factual. He didn\'92t seem like he really cared. He\'92d been invited to the company functions. It\'92s not like those of us working on the eleventh floor ignored the others. We weren\'92t some kind of clique having secret parties and ignoring the other kids. We just did our thing. We invite everyone when we do social functions and some people show up and some people don\'92t.  \
\'93Sorry, what\'92s your name?\'94\
\'93Oscar\'94\
\'93Well, Oscar , I came to find you, you\'92re going to either listen to me and potentially help me, or you\'92re not. If you\'92re not, I\'92m going to go find someone else. If you are, I\'92m going to take you to the pub.\'94\
\'93You take me to the pub, explain what you want, and then we\'92ll see if I decide to help you.\'94\
\'93Deal.\'94 I hold out my hand offering to pull him up.\
\'93You want to go right now? It\'92s like three something in the afternoon.\'94\
\'93Would you rather sit here with your face in a computer, or do you want to go get a beer and talk to me?\'94 Oscar shuts his laptop, puts his stuff in a bag, and stands up. \
\'93Let\'92s go to the pub.\'94}