{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green255\blue79;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 All the lights are off. There\'92s a fleece blanket tangled around my legs. My left arm is asleep, and my back is stuck to the leather couch. I know I\'92m in Jacob\'92s office, but I don\'92t know what time it is or how long I\'92ve been sleeping. I lean forward and grab the bottle of water sitting next to the couch. I drink half the bottle and then notice the note attached to it, \'93Pull out your phone and call me right this second. - Eric\'94. I do as the note tells me and dial Eric\'92s number. It rings twice, then hangs up. \'93I tried,\'94 I think and sink back into the couch.\
Twelve seconds later, I\'92m nearly asleep again, and Eric comes into the office. He gently pulls me up and sits down, laying my head in his lap. He strokes my hair as he looks down at me.\
\'93You scared the shit out of me,\'94 he says. \'93Don\'92t ever do that again.\'94\
\'93I\'92m sorry, I just\'85I couldn\'92t help it.\'94 I try to think, but everything is still a little cloudy. I\'92m so tired. \'93What time is it?\'94\
\'93It\'92s almost four, you\'92ve been sleeping for twelve hours.\'94 I know without asking that Eric has been checking in on me regularly. He looks a little tired. The bags under his eyes have gotten darker since I last saw him. \
\'93I got a nosebleed.\'94\
\'93When?\'94\
\'93Right before I collapsed in the hallway.\'94 I tell Eric about Oscar and our meeting in the bar. It takes me a long time, but gradually the cloudiness clears a little. \'93Oh, I should probably check my emails.\'94 I pull out my phone and open my inbox. Sure enough there\'92s an email from Oscar. \
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Hi Maggie,\
I\'92m sorry I wasn\'92t a little bit more sympathetic. I really shouldn\'92t have been so flippant. You must be going nuts about this, and I was a bit of an asshole. \
I\'92ve read a bunch of Harron\'92s IRCs. Your name did come up. Apparently, you were the only surgery that particular surgical team has had in the last week. The surgeon was on vacation, and the team was given time to catch up on paperwork. I also hacked into the lab records and found your biopsy results. They were marked \'91inconclusive\'92.\
I\'92ve heard your name on the police frequency. They\'92ve issued a warrant for questioning, but I think you already knew that. They have a car outside your apartment.\
When I find something else, I\'92ll let you know. Thanks for the beer, it made the afternoon fly by. I\'92ll be in touch.\
\'97Oscar
\i0 \
I reread the email aloud to Eric. He hasn\'92t stopped caressing me, and the look of worry hasn\'92t left his face. When I\'92m finished reading, I look up at him. \
\'93Eric?\'94\
\'93Ok. Well you can\'92t go home, so you can come stay with me for a bit. There\'92s nothing I want more, actually.\'94 I pull my head out of his lap and sit up, spinning around to face him. His eyes light up a little, and he wraps his arms around me, pulling me in. He kisses me slow and deep, and I feel the butterflies in my stomach disappear. Everything with him feels exactly right. \
\'93I\'92m so sorry that we\'92re starting this now,\'94 I say.\
\'93What do you mean by that?\'94\
\'93I mean, I wish I would have told you how I felt a while ago. I wish we could have gotten to know each other before I started dying.\'94\
\'93We still don\'92t know that you\'92re dying.\'94\
\'93What about the nosebleed? The sleeping? What about the fact that I 
\i feel 
\i0 like I\'92m dying.\'94\
\'93The nosebleed worries me, to be sure, but you had surgery a few days ago, and you\'92ve only been stressed. I\'92m going to take you home with me, and I\'92m going to make sure that you don\'92t move for the next three days. I\'92ve already told Jacob I\'92m not coming in. I\'92ve already canceled all of my appointments.\'94\
\'93And if I die in your bed?\'94\
\'93I\'92ll be devastated. So let\'92s make sure that doesn\'92t happen. Bethany should call in a couple of hours. For now, let\'92s go to my house.\'94\
I drink the rest of the bottle of water, and Eric helps me up. I lean on him as we walk through the empty office. The InterVision papers that Dan threw from the conference table are still on the floor. \
\'93What did Dan say?\'94\
\'93He asked us to call him tomorrow. We\'92ll ask him to keep up with the analyst. You don\'92t need to be doing that.\'94 I\'92m still leaning on Eric, and he\'92s holding me close. He\'92s holding me as if I might break into a million pieces at any moment. One of the buttons on his jacket is digging into the side of my head, but I press my head in further. I always liked it when some part of me was indented. I barely notice the walk from Jacob\'92s office to the parking lot. The elevator ride is nowhere in my recollection. I assume I\'92m drifting in and out, and it\'92s only Eric that is keeping me on my feet. I climb into the A6 we had driven earlier. I watch the city streets zoom by but pay no attention to the direction we\'92re going in. \
\cb2 Eventually, Eric pulls into an underground garage. Then he helps me to the lifts. In the elevator, Eric uses a key to access the top floor. He lives in the penthouse. I don\'92t know this person at all. The elevator opens to hardwood floors and automatic lighting. A stainless steel kitchen complete with island and one of those overhanging oven ventilator systems spreads out to my right. In front of me is an endless living room with a city view backdrop. To my left is a single door. Eric takes me towards it. \
His bedroom is expansive to say the least. It\'92s very nearly the size of the living room. \
I\'92m not registering any details anymore. The only thing I register is the softness of his bed and the way my head sinks into the down pillow.\cb1 \
}