{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I try to imagine it. I try to put myself in the orderlies shoes as they walk into the morgue to find a dead surgeon hovering over the body of a dead doctor. I try to smell the blood in the room. I try to imagine my own fight or flight response when someone or something were to attack me. The conversation Eric had with the orderly who hit the assailant, and his insistence that the man who killed the mortician was my dead surgeon made no sense to me. He said the assailant was slow, yet persistent in his malevolence. Why didn\'92t they just run away and call the police? The details are incredible, but I feel as if there are things that must have been lost in the translation. \
I\'92d slept another eight hours. I wasn\'92t awake at seven in the morning when Bethany called, and Eric went and talked to the orderly without me. He unloaded another thirty thousand dollars to get him to talk. Eric described him as nervous and fidgety. He got the impression that the orderly wasn\'92t supposed to be talking to anyone about the incident. I am cursing my body for being weak. Did the orderly really say that the surgeon was trying to 
\i eat 
\i0 him? What was the exact phrasing on that? I drill Eric for over an hour about the specifics of his conversation. I try to get a picture, but the more I push, the more often Eric says that I should try to take it easy.\
What\'92s clear is that the orderly seems to believe that the surgeon who died a couple days ago \'93came back to life\'94, and not in a good way. He described a deteriorating human corpse lurching across a mortuary. He described a crazed psychopath. He described something out of an ancient necromancy book, something that didn\'92t make sense. He described a fucking zombie. I started asking questions about the legitimacy of this story. Eric\'92s only response was,\
\'93If that guy was lying, he\'92s the best actor in the entire world.\'94 He said the orderly was terrified, that there was no way he didn\'92t one hundred percent believe every word. I suggested psychological evaluation.\
I mean, it\'92s ridiculous. No one fucking comes back to life, and I seriously doubt that the coroner at a major medical center like Harron would submit a press release claiming death if that wasn\'92t fully the case. My best guess was that seeing the murdered doctor and accidentally killing the assailant probably sent the orderly into some sort of shock. Maybe the event unlocked some horrors in his subconscious and the guy just went mad. \
Frankly, I\'92ve slept much of the last few days, and I am starting to grow weary of my predicament. It\'92s been a lot of information to take in, and the fact that I\'92m squarely in the middle of some sort of weird biological shit storm hasn\'92t been making me feel all so happy. I wake up, hear some kind of awful news loosely related to me through a random string of events, and my mind goes into a schizophrenic fury of choices I might have to make and scenarios that could play out. \
I\'92m basically not present half the time. Even now, with Eric, I\'92m somewhere else in between my words. I am having this conversation on autopilot. I know that I won\'92t recollect half of what he says if it doesn\'92t pertain to the thematic topic I\'92ve been busy with all week. I try to listen. I know I catch some of it, but every once in a while my mind wanders, and I find myself wondering what color shoes the mortician was wearing when he was killed. Scores of useless questions with irrelevant answers flitter through my brain. Eric notices sometimes. He sees me staring through him and nodding and knows I have no idea what he\'92s talking about. \
\'93Where have you gone? Come back.\'94 Whenever Eric asks me where I\'92ve gone, I tell him.\
\'93I wonder whether the blood made his shoes red.\'94\
\'93You\'92re morbid.\'94\
\'93So?\'94\
\'93Just sayin\'92.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t think it\'92s particularly unhealthy to consider certain details about situations and events that will potentially alter your perception of life.\'94\
\'93Getting wordy for a reason?\'94\
\'93I\'92m just saying, for me, the details build the picture. I want to understand everything about that murder.\'94\
\'93Blood on shoes is not a relevant topic. You can envision the situation with bare feet if you like, it doesn\'92t change the outcome.\'94 He\'92s got me there. \
\'93Want to get some dinner?\'94 Even as I say it, the question surprises me. I actually feel hungry. The last thing I ate was a cupcake yesterday morning, so I should be feeling hungry. Strange that it wasn\'92t the first thing on my mind when I woke up. \'93I\'92m craving eggs florentine.\'94\
\'93I can make you anything you want.\'94 We move into the shiny kitchen. I doubt anyone has ever cooked in this kitchen. Everything is in perfect order. Eric has a housekeeper. I\'92m sure of it. I think about my apartment and how everything is everywhere all the time. Scarves over lamp shades, mail on three or four different tables, empty bottles on several surfaces. My own personal squalor. I open the fridge and marvel at all the food and drink substances being arranged by size. I pull spinach from the vegetable crisper. Eric takes it from me and points to one of the stools on the other side of the island. \'93I said I would make you anything you want.\'94\
\'93Fine, I want eggs florentine,\'94 I say, assuming Eric has no idea what \'93eggs florentine\'94 actually is. \
\'93Alright,\'94 he says it with confidence. I\'92m about to get the best freaking eggs florentine ever created. \
\'93What are we supposed to do now?\'94 I ask. \
\'93Watch the news, of course.\'94 He flicks on the television. \
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \'85And after the deaths of six staff members Harron Medical\'85\
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \'93Oh shit, the nurse must have died!\'94 I don\'92t know why I\'92m surprised by this. Maybe it\'92s because I thought the quarantined nurse would have had enough time for the medical staff to figure out what was going on.\
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \'85Looking for a patient of interest. The patient is being sought for questioning regarding this case\'85\
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 Eric is staring at me. My mouth is hanging open, I know that much. \'93At least they didn\'92t name me,\'94 I say. \'93At least they didn\'92t post a picture of me somewhere.\'94 If I was the only patient that was operated on that week, then I must have the disease. After all the sleep I\'92ve been doing, I\'92m feeling much, much better. Yesterday I was seriously considering returning to the hospital and accepting my fate. Today, though, I want to finish eating and take a bath. It\'92s Saturday, I want to go to a flea market or walk along the beach. I don\'92t want to be worried about any of this anymore. \
So I\'92m done. I\'92m not going to play any of these games anymore. I\'92m just going to move on. \
\
}