{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We spend the rest of the day talking. We talk about our favorite superheroes and our inability to understand why our respective families treated us like we were inept. We muse over our misguided attempts at humor in social situations and our avoidance of hors d'oeuvres that are served on toothpicks. We cover topic after topic. We tell each other lost opinions we didn\'92t realize we had anymore. We talk about things I hadn\'92t thought of in years, things I\'92d buried thinking no one ever needed to know. We discuss the isms, art, politics. Eric and I follow trains of thought down into the rabbit hole of perception and twist each other\'92s words to prove opposing points. We consider that what goes into a black hole might in the same moment be spat from a white hole elsewhere in the universe and the chance that the portal between those two opposing forces is indeed nothing more than time. This particular point in the conversation leads further to the rumored development of teleportation devices in Raleigh, North Carolina.  \
 The conversation barely pauses for a second. For the rest of the day we forget entirely about my health, the Harron thing, the murder. When the sun sets and the twilight melts into darkness, Eric opens a bottle of wine. We continue talking about pseudo Neo-nazis and their idiot attempts at logic while we prepare filet mignon, croquettes, and salad with walnuts, apples, and cranberries coated in a vinaigrette glaze. As we eat, we giggle about the left wingers who spend a hundred bucks a month on pink hair dye and safety pins. We coin new words for the \'93energy\'94 hippies are always talking about. \
We talk until ten. When we move into the bedroom, we continue our conversation. Eric doesn\'92t pause or miss a beat when he begins undressing me. He takes my clothes from me as if he\'92s done it a million times before. His voice gets a little softer as he peels the layers away until I\'92m standing in front of him completely nude. Then he looks me in the eyes and says, \'93I\'92m done talking now.\'94\
We make love for hours finally passing out in a heap of exhaustion and release. When I awake, I find Eric looking at me, and we continue into day two of sex and food and pillow talk bubble of intimacy. We go deeper into our conversation. We spend the entire Sunday lost in each other. We cook, we talk, we drink, we talk. When Monday morning rolls around, we\'92re shocked to realize that the weekend is over, and Eric tells me that he\'92s in love with me. I don\'92t respond. What am I supposed to say? I can\'92t very well tell him that I love him too, as that would be contrary to my entire disposition. \
The thing is, a while back I fell desperately in love with a man who had no idea what love was. He said he loved me over and over again, but when it came right down to it, he was simply unaware of what that word meant. There\'92s no reason to get specific, but he broke my heart, several times, and then danced on top of it to give himself a good laugh. I\'92d been trying to compartmentalize everything visceral ever since. If I had a therapist, he would tell me that I need closure, and I would disagree. What I need is a news report saying that my ex got hit by a car. \
Eric doesn\'92t expect me to say it back. He says \'93I\'92m in love with you\'94 matter-of-factly. Dumbfounded, I just stare at him. Besides it\'92s only ten in the morning, and the coffee hasn\'92t settled in yet. By the time I start to feel awkward about my own lack of response, he\'92s already taken the conversation somewhere else. I\'92m not really paying attention though, I\'92m reeling from his statement. At some point, he realizes I\'92m not listening.\
\'93Where are you now?\'94 he asks.\
\'93Sorry, I just can\'92t fathom why on Earth you would be in love with me.\'94\
\'93Well, you have a very low self-esteem. We\'92ll have to work on that.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t have a low self-esteem. I know I\'92m awesome. I\'92m just strange and solitary, and I always think that outsiders must think I\'92m completely insane.\'94\
\'93Well, yes. That\'92s exactly what I think,\'94 his devious smile and sarcastic tone are mocking me. \'93I didn\'92t say it to give you a mental complex. It\'92s just true. I love you. I can\'92t stop thinking about you. I want to be around you all the time. I want to know everything that\'92s going on in your head.\'94\
\'93I feel sorry for you.\'94\
\'93Jesus. Let\'92s just move on, I don\'92t want to convince you that you\'92re worth loving. I shouldn\'92t have to.\'94\
\'93Whatever.\'94 I\'92m annoyed. Eric\'92s tone is kind of mean, and I don\'92t feel like I should have to defend my psychoses. Yes, I am unsure about a lot of things. Yes, I tend to distrust certain statements no matter how genuine the speaker seems to be. Yes, I have my idiosyncratic tendencies. These are pieces of me, and I don\'92t feel like I should have to defend myself to anyone.\
\'93You know, maybe you could just give me a fucking break,\'94 it comes out harsher than I meant it too, and I see on Eric\'92s face that he\'92s slightly hurt. \'93I\'92m sorry, I just\'85I\'92m just stressed.\'94 \
\'93It\'92s ok. So, I\'92m going to go to Onyx, but first I\'92m going to make you breakfast.\'94 He kisses my forehead. I set my coffee on the counter, and pull a stool up to the bar. Eric pulls out rolls and puts them in the oven. He places a pot of water on the stovetop and turns on the burner. I watch him as he opens the refrigerator and pulls out prosciutto, tomato, goat cheese, and eggs. He pricks each egg with a pin and places them in the water. Little bubbles of white are expunged from the hole, and the eggs bobble in the boiling water. I realize my staring is probably getting creepy and remember to use my words.\
\'93So\'85Onyx, eh? Why? I thought you told Jacob you weren\'92t coming in.\'94\
\'93I did, but I was going to go talk to Oscar. I want to see if he has any new information for us,\'94 Eric says the word 
\i us 
\i0 with emphasis. \'93I called him while you were sleeping the other day and let him know that he can share everything he finds out with me as well.\'94\
\'93Sure, fine. But I\'92d like to receive the information at the same time you do. Whatever crazy information comes in, I\'92d like to know first hand. No more of this telephone game.\'94\
\'93\'92Telephone game\'92?\'94\
\'93Yeah, that game kids play, or at least, I played when I was a kid\'85.You tell someone sitting next to you a random sentence, and then they tell the next person, and eventually the sentence becomes diluted, and the original meaning is lost.\'94\
\'93Ah ha.\'94 Eric smiles at me, clearly amused by my idiotic description of a game that isn\'92t really a game. \
\'93I do so love four minute eggs.\'94 I smile back at him and start slicing the tomatoes. We brunch as if it\'92s Sunday, sharing a newspaper and eating slowly. When the coffee runs out, I make another, and we exist there in the late morning sunshine. Around noon, we take a shower together, which ends up lasting longer than expected. I\'92m marveling at the stamina I have, actually.\
We dress. We kiss. We begin our day in the early afternoon. It feels right.}