{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We\'92re driving to Onyx. Eric didn\'92t want me to leave the apartment, but after the weekend we had, he can\'92t tell me no. He told Jacob he wasn\'92t coming into work, and he\'92s not changing his story, though technically we are going into the office. The streets are seemingly full for this time of day. The lunch buffets must have pushed their hours a bit, and sure enough I notice a group of sloppily dressed women waddling out of the China Hut on the other side of the intersection. A sea turtle on dry land would have used the passing lane with these women. Their fat bulges beneath their blouses as they duckwalk down the street. I feel like the light we\'92re sitting at is taking forever to change green. I\'92m staring at these women in blank horror. I feel a deep seeded terror that someday that could happen to me. Someday, I could be a fat, ugly, office employee having a lunch buffet at a fucking China Hut. \
When the light changes green, I remember that there is no way that I could end up like that. I don\'92t have the proper genetical makeup for obesity. \
When we get to the office, we don\'92t bother announcing our arrival and everyone is deep enough in their own work, they don\'92t notice that we\'92re there. Eric pulls the blinds, and locks the door. The 46 Book is on the table, and I grab it quickly. \
\'93My turn,\'94 I smile at Eric and open the 46. I bring up my email and find that Oscar has sent me another report.\
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Hey - \
I hacked into Harron\'92s IRC, and have attached a conversation between two administrators. You better give it a read. I\'92d summarize, but you\'92ll end up reading it anyway, so\'85\
Also attached is the autopsy report, I stole it from Harron\'92s server, their security is for shit. Start with the IRC.\
\'97Oscar\
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 I download the IRC log and open it in my text editor. The scrollbar is tiny, the document is long:\
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 HeSithe: Mr. Aldeson?\
PresAldie: Hi Herman, I\'92m here.\
HeSithe: I just wanted to chat with you about how you want to handle the press.\
PresAldie: Well, if I had my way, the press wouldn\'92t hear anything about anything.\
HeSithe: Yes, but there are simply too many hospital employees to believe that we can keep this under wraps.\
HeSithe: the press will find out sooner or later, we should address it sooner. Handle the spin.\
PresAldie: Your recommendation is noted, but we have to keep in mind that the CDC has asked us not to have a press conference at all this week. \
HeSithe: Oh? I wasn\'92t privy to that information.\
PresAldie: You are now. After what happened during Dr. Paul\'92s autopsy, we are going to need to stay in constant dialogue. Everything you hear needs to be verified with me.\
HeSithe: Are we making any sort of announcement about the autopsy?\
PresAldie: Are you kidding? What are we supposed to say? That Paul came back to life and tried to attack the doctor doing the autopsy?\
HeSithe: I\'92m sorry, but I don\'92t know exactly what happened. All I\'92ve heard is that the surgeon wasn\'92t really dead.\
PresAldie: Well that\'92s not true. He was dead for over three days. I checked him myself. His body was in the freezer.\
PresAldie: He was dead. Deceased.\
HeSithe: This doesn\'92t make sense to me. \
PresAldie: The pathologist doing the autopsy\'85a Doctor Gander, new hire. \
HeSithe: The autopsy was already started!?\
PresAldie: He was as white as a sheet when he told me what happened. He said that Dr. Paul literally got up off the table. I have the full report, you should give it a read. Sending it along.\
HeSithe: Ok, I\'92ll get back to you in a bit.\
PresAldie: Good, if I\'92m not online, just have someone page me. We need to discuss what exactly we\'92re telling the press. 
\i0 \
I stop reading. The timestamp on the chat shows that after an hour Mr. Aldeson and Mr. Sithe continue their conversation, but I want to read the autopsy report. I switch back to Oscar\'92s mail and download the second attachment. I skip over the police report and the continuation sheets. \
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 EXTERNAL DESCRIPTION:\
The body is that of a well-developed and well-nourished Caucasian male which appears to be about the stated age of 46-years-old, weighing approximately 180 pounds and measuring approximately 72 inches in height. The body shows a moderate generalized rigor mortis. The hair is short and mostly grey. The eyes are brown. There are severe petechiae in the conjunctivae and sclerae. The nostrils and mouth show white froth. The ears are unremarkable. The neck, chest, and abdomen show lacerations. The left forearm shows a diffuse recent bruise over the lateral aspect measuring approximately 8 inches by 3 inches in the area between the wrist and elbow. The right arm has a significant bite wound and is moderately deformed on the lateral condyle of the ulna. The protrusion is significant. There are numerous small superficial skin bruises covering the entire body. The bruises appear to be rather fresh. The left ankle bone is dislocated. Avulsion of the scalp and associated galeal and subgaleal hemorrhages.\
INTERNAL EXAMINATION:\
The body is opened with the Y-shaped incision. The organs in the chest and abdomen are slightly lower than their normal anatomical positions. The abdominal cavity shows excessive fluids and adhesions. Contusions and hemorrhages are noted.\
CARDIOVASCULAR SYSTEM:\
The pericardial sac shows approximately 40 cc. of serous fluid. The heart is normal in size and weighs approximately 230 grams. There are petechial hemorrhages over the epicardium, myocardium, and endocardium. The chambers contain over 100 cc. of serous fluid and blood. The blood has been collected and submitted for toxicologic tests. The valves show abnormality. The coronary arteries show abnormal branching. The aorta shows a severe arteiosclerosis\'85\
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 I start scanning through the rest of the sections. I don\'92t know what half the report means. The report is thirty pages long, so I flip through reading the section headings. On the twenty-seventh page I come to:
\f1 \
OPINION:\
During collection of nail samples it was observed that onychosis was prevalent. Hair follicles were also observed to be weaker than normal. At first glance signs of osteoporosis are assumed. However, after radiography and bone mineral density measurements, osteoporosis was not diagnosed. \
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural
\cf0 \cb0 During the performance of the autopsy the patient arose. The body had been in the freezer for three days and confirmed dead by several doctors. When the patient awoke, he tried to attack me. I have no idea how that could possibly happen. The patient came back from the dead. \cb1 \
\cb0 Low, deep guttural sighs were enunciated from the diaphragm. The patient made violent attempts to bite me. All of his organs had already been removed. Heart, lungs, liver\'85all the vital organs were already out. When the patient tried to attack me, I used the circular saw to defend myself. His brain was not yet removed. I was in the process of doing a craniotomy when the corpse rose from the table.\cb1 \
Despite the obvious deep wound to the skull, the autopsy findings are consistent with a major viral infection. The viral infection is unidentified.
\f0 \
The blacked out paragraph is impossible to read. Someone must have taken a sharpie, black spray paint, and the darkness of night to hide those paragraphs. I briefly wonder if Wikileaks would have information on this report, and then switch back to the IRC log.\
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 HeSithe: I read the autopsy report. What do the blocked out paragraphs say?\
PresAldie: What I already told you, that the doctor rose from the dead. It\'92s much more specific that that. Gruesome even. I had Dr. Gander remove his observations from the autopsy so that the public health board wouldn\'92t have that information filed for all time. \
HeSithe: That doesn\'92t seem ethical.\
PresAldie: I only did what the CDC asked me to do. Before submitting the autopsy, I read those paragraphs to someone at the CDC, they called it \'93unverifiable\'94 and asked me to remove it from the report.\
HeSithe: Is it really \'93unverifiable\'94?\
PresAldie: No. We have video from the surveillance feed.\
HeSithe: You watched it?\
PresAldie: Yes, and then I destroyed the files. No one should ever have to see that. Particularly not Dr. Paul\'92s family. 
\i0 \
I return to my mail program and reply to Oscar. I put Eric and Dan on CC.\

\i Absolutely stellar work Oscar. This isn\'92t about me anymore, this is something bigger. If I were going to get sick, I\'92d be sick by now. But it sounds like Harron is involved in something a little twisted. This story is getting fucking weird. Can you try and get the video file from the server? I doubt the administration knows how to delete backup files, and a hospital is probably doing automatic backups of some sort. \
-Maggie
\i0 \
}