{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Why do you need a jukebox anyway?\'94 The stupidity of this particular conversation dawned on me over a year ago. Dan and I had been in Philadelphia for some sort of wacky, over-the-top library summit. I didn\'92t even know why we were there. I spent the entire event confused about my purpose in life. Dan spent the entire event talking about the jukebox he found on Ebay. We had a long winded discussion about \'93extracurricular appliances\'94 in which I said that such devices served the \'93absurdity of consciousness\'94. My proposal was that being limited in your material possessions allowed obliviousness towards the more stressful aspects of living in the modern world. Take for example owning a car, and compare it with the inconvenience of having to take public transportation everywhere. Sure, in the latter you don\'92t have the warm, dry comfort of a foreign built sedan, but you have twenty minutes of uninterrupted anonymity and you don\'92t have to pay insurance or put gas in anything. The tube goes from point A to point B, and you can get a monthly pass at discount. I guess it depends where you live.\
\'93I need a jukebox so everyone can play Paradise City and reminisce about the Summer of 99,\'92\'94 Dan parks the car, a pompous 1967 Impala with a white stripe down the side and a goofy antenna topper. We\'92re in the parking lot of a fifteen story low income highrise. I\'92m appalled that any of the tenants of this place have a jukebox. \
\'93I\'92m waiting outside.\'94\
\'93Whatever. Be right back.\'94\
The courtyard I\'92m standing in wouldn\'92t be green during the most fertile spring. Laundry lines with forgotten clothing articles crisscross between buildings. The trashcan next to the door is rusted to the railing. Abandoned gardening tools lean against a broken birdbath. Dan\'92s gone before I find a place to sit down. Disappeared inside the building. Sighing that the elevator is out of service. Or whatever kind of mental observation he makes.\
I\'92m daydreaming about tropical islands and boat trips. Wouldn\'92t it be nice to say \'93screw it\'94 and leave all of those responsibilities behind? I could just grab a computer and disappear to the Canary Islands, design menus for local restaurants and teach IT classes. I\'92d have a little hut by the sea and read National Geographic magazines from the fifties. I relax near the sea without a care in the world. Just as my man servant, Jesus, delivers a cocktail with a little umbrella in it, the sun on my face turns to shadow.\
\'93Holy shit!\'94 I jump up from the bench just as a man grasps at my arm. Flesh is peeling from his face. His left eye is only loosely in the socket as he stumbles over the bench. I have to swallow down the bile as he groans and thrashes towards me. His ribs are no longer connected to his skin, and for whatever reason his jaw is opening and closing in a completely horrific fashion. For a second, I wonder if my daydream turned in an apocalyptic vision. I let out a sigh and relax, it\'92s just a dream. I let go, astounded at the reality of my imagination, until a wet goo falls onto my neck and slithers into my shirt. As the slime rolls towards the curve of my breast, it picks up speed and I see myself spitting phlegm into the sink at the hospital. My hallucination is painful, and I realize this is really happening. This fucking guy has what\'92s left of his arms around me!\
I throw all the force I can muster forward, pitching my assailant over my head. I wonder where I learned that move before I loose my balance. Comically, I fall backwards into the shrubbery. His aggression is obvious, this guy gets up snarls and comes towards me again. The courtyard between the apartment blocks spins around me, but I manage to put ten paces between myself and the crazy that\'92s attacking me. He\'92s slow winded. My ten paces become twenty, and I have a moment to study him. He\'92s grey and broken wearing a leather vest with fringe remainder. It\'92s the cowboy from the bar, barely recognizable, but it\'92s him. \
A door slams open and I can hear Dan bitching about the weight of the jukebox. I don\'92t take my eyes off the cowboy, who is continuing to advance on me with his mouth open and a vacant look in his eyes. I study his balance. He\'92s moving on autopilot. There\'92s no grace in his movements at all, like he\'92s been programmed to move. I glance at Dan, who has apparently not yet noticed the situation I\'92m in. I stand there as the cowboy closes distance. When he\'92s two feet from me, he awkwardly lurches, and I drop kick him. I hear his ribs crack. He loses his balance, and squirms on the ground for a moment before figuring out how to stand up again. His expression doesn\'92t change for a second, it\'92s empty. Just empty.\
I sprint over to Dan, \'93Let\'92s get out of here!\'94 The cowboy is up again and wobbling towards us, drool falling from his mouth and strewing pieces of flesh across the courtyard. Tendons dangle from the bones in his chest.\
\'93What the fuck is 
\i that 
\i0 guy on!?\'94 Not fully grasping the seriousness of the situation, Dan is laughing. I grab half the jukebox, and scream at Dan to move his ass. The cowboy is closer, and Dan finally registers the walking corpse before him. \'93Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh FUCK!\'94 The cowboy grabs Dan\'92s wrist and the jukebox falls face down on the pavement. We hear the glass shatter. I push the cowboy away from Dan and punch him a few times in the face. His bones crackle with each hit, but his strength doesn\'92t wane. I run away from Dan and the cowboy chases me for a few moments. Then, almost in slow motion, the cowboy turns around and heads back towards Dan who is struggling to flip the jukebox into a standing position.\
\'93Leave it!\'94 I\'92m screaming.\
\'93Fuck you man, I just bought that fucker!\'94 The cowboy falls into Dan who immediately throws him off. The cowboy stumbles backwards, loses his footing and slams head first into the broken birdbath. The jagged edge scalps him, and a piece of his skull flies through the air landing at my feet.\
\'93Oh fuck.\'94 Dan inches towards the man with a look of pure terror on his face. \'93Not again\'85\'94 Dan looks at me and says, \'93You know, the last time I threw a crazyfuck into a broken birdbath, I was tied up in court for a week!\'94 I can\'92t help but laugh. Dan doesn\'92t even seem concerned, but I know he is. We go to inspect the body, I pull out my cell phone to call emergency services. Looking down at the corpse, I think that I should be calling research scientists and a team from the CDC and then I remember the IRC conversation from Harron. \
\'93Dan?\'94\
\'93What?\'94\
\'93Did you just see his mouth move?\'94 The cowboy sits straight up, grabs my arm and chomps down hard. As I scream, Dan smacks him in the head with a shovel. Parts of his brain fly into my face, and Dan nails him again. Dan pulls me up and wraps his arms around me.\
\'93I\'92m sorry, I\'92m sorry.\'94 He\'92s barely functioning, I can see his worldview collapsing around him. He\'92s crying and muttering and hugging me too hard. \
\'93Too hard,\'94 I gasp. He releases me and looks me in the eye. \
Without speaking a word, he asks, \'93What do we do now?\'94 I walk back over to the jukebox. \
\'93Well, let\'92s get this fucking thing in the car.\'94}