{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We have a pub. Not in the building or anything, but we have a pub down the street with low ceilings, green booths, and heavy wooden tables. It\'92s exactly the type of place you\'92d expect to see native barflies having drinks at ten thirty in the morning. It\'92s always open, mostly empty, and the building doesn\'92t attract any attention to itself. Oscar and I head out of the office in its direction. Neither one of us attempts small talk. Neither one of us is interested in the other\'92s personality or life. We both want a beer. My motives are clear, I need help. Oscar is getting a beer out of talking to me about my issue, whatever it may be. It\'92s a win win situation. \
Five minutes later we step into the dank, smokey air of the pub. Oscar has to stoop a little on the way through the door, but he does so as if he\'92s been coming through that door every day for the last twenty years. He can\'92t be more than 30 years old. \
\'93Let\'92s just get a pitcher.\'94 I walk up to the bar. I order a pitcher of Sam Adams while staring at the vodka selection. I have to remind myself that it\'92s \'93three something in the afternoon\'94. A pitcher of beer for a semi-work-related chat should be sufficient. Not to mention the fact that I\'92ve had a couple of painkillers and some dexedrine. I really shouldn\'92t be drinking at all, I should be at home in bed. I should have someone else doing this kind of stuff for me. I should have just looked at Eric all weepy eyed and begged him to take care of everything for me. I take the pitcher and a couple of glasses to the booth Oscar is sitting in. \
The pub is pretty empty, just three people and maybe someone in the kitchen or in the bathroom. The bartender is playing gin with an older lady, and an older gentleman wearing a leather vest and a cowboy hat is watching with glassed eyes and a snifter of brandy loosely held in his hand. His face looks a little like it\'92s swallowing itself, and I notice that his vest has fringe remainder, as if he cut off the fringe after the eighties were over. The floor is sticky. This isn\'92t the type of place where the bartender is going to give you a new ashtray or refill your pitcher. \
Sitting down at the booth, Oscar pours the beers. We both take a large gulp before looking each other in the eye.\
\'93I\'92ll just make this quick. Obviously, I need your help. I need someone to listen to the police frequencies and read Harron Medical Center  IRCs,\'94 as an afterthought, I add \'93but you don\'92t have to transcribe anything.\'94\
Oscar just sits there looking at me, so I continue. \'93I want you to see if you hear or find any information regarding \'91Maggie Lawson\'92 or a peculiar sickness in the ear, nose, and throat wing. Also any information on the deaths of staff members at the medical center.\'94\
\'93The Harron thing, huh? Yeah, I was curious about that myself, so I wrote a little alert program that records when \'91Harron\'92 is mentioned on the police lines. It\'92s not a flawless system, I didn\'92t really have time to write complicated programs to quell my curiosities. Why are you interested?\'94\
\'93Full disclosure? Well, I had surgery last week, and it was my surgeon and his team that were quarantined.\'94\
\'93Oh, I get it. You think you might be sick.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know if the way I\'92m feeling is the beginning of death or just me healing from a tonsillectomy. I\'92ve never had a tonsillectomy before, you know?\'94\
\'93What other intel have you gathered? What have you already done in terms of recon?\'94 I explain everything to Oscar. I tell him about Kuala Lumpur. I tell him about the surgery. I tell him how I coughed up blood on the nurse. I tell him about the phone call we\'92re expecting from Bethany. I lay it all out for him as we drink beers in our dirty, little pub. I even explain that I might be contagious, but doubt it because Dan didn\'92t get sick. Every once in a while, Oscar asks a question that makes me go onto a new tangent of information. For whatever reason I feel like Oscar needs to know everything about the situation in order to understand the gravity of what I\'92m asking him to do. It feels like hours go by. I have no idea how long I\'92ve been talking and can\'92t seem to remember whether or not we ordered another pitcher somewhere in the middle of my babble.\
\'93And all of this is to find out if you\'92re going to die in a couple of days? Did it ever cross your mind to just live the days and see what happens?\'94 \
\'93Have you ever potentially, maybe been dying from some unknown sickness that makes you vomit, bleed, and turns your skin gray?\'94\
\'93Alright\'85\'94\
\'93Then shut the fuck up. I happen to work for a company that can find out information fast. It\'92s what we do. I\'92m using it to quell the emotions I\'92m having about my impending death. And you\'92re getting paid either way, so just do me a favor and help me figure out what the fuck happened to those doctors.\'94\
\'93Got it. Here, bump my phone.\'94 We bonk our phones together to trade contacts. Everyone at Onyx does that. I find it an utterly ridiculous way to trade information, but it\'92s the easiest way to get contact information from an Onyx employee. \'93I\'92ll email you when something interesting comes in.\'94 Oscar touches my shoulder when he stands up. \'93Don\'92t worry about it,\'94 he says softly.\
I watch him stoop on his way back out the door. I stare at the empty doorway for a while. I think my head and my neck are no longer connected together. All at once the room starts to pulsate. My other organs start screaming at my brain, \'93You stupid, mother-fucking, no good piece of shit! You knew it was too much, but you made us come with you!\'94 The adrenaline that was coursing through me while I was explaining my story to Oscar is disappearing. Fatigue overcomes me.  \
I have to get home. I can\'92t even conceptualize standing, let alone do it. I feel a warm thick fluid dripping out of my nose. A few drops spill over my lips, and I taste iron. A red drop splashes in slow motion on the table. My nose is bleeding. \
The bartender is pouring the old man another drink, and the woman looks as if her head is about to crash onto the bar. I place the palms of my hands on the table, and ease myself out of the booth. I use my right hand to hold my nose while tip my head back. I shuffle over to the bar.\
\'93Sorry, can I just have a napkin or something?\'94 I\'92m standing next to the older man. He smells like moth balls and cigarettes, and his suit jacket is puckered with burn marks. The woman looks at me. \
\'93Oh dear, nose bleed, eh? I got them all the time when I was a kid.\'94 The woman tries to smile at me, but eventually gives up and returns to staring. The bartender says nothing, but hands me a pile of napkins. He asks me if I want another drink, and I politely refuse. After a few minutes, the stream coming out of my nose turns to a trickle. I throw the napkins into the trashcan the bartender holds up for me, take a few clean napkins, and announce my exit. I thank them for their kindness and say something quippy about the embarrassment of nose bleeds. The three of them smile at me through broken stares, then go back to drowning their consciousnesses in alcohol. \
Outside, I debate about calling Eric. I probably shouldn\'92t be going home. The cops have been there, and I wonder if someone is watching my flat. I\'92m pissed off at myself for not initiating something with Eric earlier. If I had kissed him or told him that I liked him, our relationship wouldn\'92t be so new, and I wouldn\'92t feel weird about asking for his help now. At the same time, I have to stop. I have to lay down, check out, and let the rest of the world help me figure out why I just had a nosebleed. Weirdly, the nosebleed doesn\'92t really scare me. I am holding on to the irrational thought that it was in no way related to the Harron sicknesses. Nope, I\'92m fine, just need to recover from a tonsillectomy. I\'92m quite adept at ignoring the voices in my head.\
I stumble back to the office, thankful that it\'92s only a couple of blocks. After I pass my security tests, I grab a scooter. I never take the scooters, I always use a skateboard. It\'92s like skiing versus snowboarding. Snowboarding just 
\i looks 
\i0 cooler. However, in this particular moment, I don\'92t have the coordination required for balance. The scooters have handles, and I need the extra support. Before I get into the elevator, I stop by the ladies room to make sure I got all the blood of my face. I intend to tell Dan and Eric about the nosebleed, but I don\'92t want to show it to them. \
The elevator drop nearly makes me hurl. By the time I get to the eleventh floor, I\'92m unable to stand. I fall out of the elevator and start crawling towards Jacob\'92s office. I\'92m halfway there when Eric sees me and sprints towards me.\
\'93Holy shit, what happened? Are you ok? What\'92s going on?\'94 The panic in his voice causes me to smile, but it only lasts a second. He kneels beside me, places his hand on my back, and pushes the hair out of my face. The darkness starts swirling, and I know that I am about to pass out.\
\'93I am going to faint, need couch, sleep. Help.\'94 I get the words out, barely. Eric\'92s face fades. I go under.\
}