{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\sa158\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I suffer from a hereditary disease called Onychomycosis. It\'92s a non life-threatening nail fungus that about 10% of the adult population in western civilization have. The nails turn a little yellow, they\'92re brittle, they look kind of funny. I have it on my toenails, so you would never know about it. I don\'92t have a particularly severe case, so people never notice. Not my friends, not my lovers. It\'92s not on my hands, only my feet. For the longest time, I only had it on two toes - one on each foot. It was always the second toe, next to my big toe. It took about ten years to spread ever so slightly to other toes. It only recently began to be visible on those toes. \
Did you know you need your big toes for balance? Did you know that if you were to lose one of them you wouldn\'92t be able to walk anymore? I mean, you\'92d be able to walk, but your equilibrium would be completely thrown. You would zigzag back and forth. You\'92d stumble a lot. You would have a hard time doing yoga.\
There is antibiotic and injection treatments for this nail fungus, but it\'92s extremely taxing on the body. It can take up to a year and a half of regular treatments to get rid of it, and it\'92s expensive.\
I like having this fungus. About once a month I get great joy out of cleaning the fungus out from other my nails. I take a nice long bath. I read something interesting, and I soak all my parts. When I can\'92t sit there anymore, I climb out and wrap myself in a big fluffy towel. I fish under the bathroom sink for the small pointed wooden stick I fashioned specifically for this purpose, and I sit on the edge of the bed cleaning the packed, flakey fungus from beneath my toe nails. \
My left foot always has more of the yellow paste sticking to the underside of my toenails. I always break the left side nails a little more than the right side. The left big toe has long black hairs. The right side doesn\'92t. Similarly, the nipple on my left breast has long black hairs, which I trim regularly. The left breast is a little bigger, and the hairs are longer, darker. All in all, I would say that the left side of my body is the monster side. It\'92s the side that requires lots of upkeep. It\'92s the side that I keep finding anomalies on. It\'92s the side that will develop the cancer.\
And now it\'92s the side that has been bitten.\
\'93So what are we going to do with the body?\'94 Dan is looking at me like I\'92m nuts. We just spent twenty minutes trying to figure out how to get both the cowboy and the jukebox in the trunk. Or rather, I spent twenty minutes trying to get them both in the trunk while Dan just asked over and over again \'93What are you doing?\'94 I eventually figured it out with some creative limb positioning and a degree of incline to the jukebox. I ignored the severed finger as I squished the trunk closed and did a skip-swing into the passengers seat. The seat was warm, the sun was glorious and despite the events that had literally just transpired, I was feeling calm and collected.\
\'93Drive me to that abandoned quarry behind the Stop n Shop,\'94 I say as I\'92m wrapping my arm with my cardigan. Dan floors the gas pedal while grumbling his affirmation through clenched teeth. He\'92s shaken, I can see, and he\'92s never actually been to the quarry. He never wanted to walk down with me. Dan\'92s more of a bench guy. He\'92ll find a place to sit, and sit he will. Today is different though. \
The quarry is a secret swimming hole I found while following a creek. Behind the Stop n Shop is a parking lot and a couple of picnic tables. I was sitting there once, likely the only person who had ever done so, noticing the surroundings. There\'92s a small grassy area and a side street behind the parking lot, and even from where I was sitting, I saw a small path leading down under the low bridge. I hadn\'92t even noticed that the car or two that came by every five minutes, heading towards the main road were crossing a bridge. It was such an irrelevant piece of the landscape, built over a shallow dip and masked by trees and shrubbery. Tucked behind the greenery was a fence and some sort of power station, visible enough but unattractive for any visitor not wearing a city uniform and forced to look at the meters. My guess is that someone came to check this equipment about once every two to three years. \
I stood up, threw the remainder of my watered down iced coffee into the bin and headed across the street towards the path. For a moment my heart raced as I briefly considered that I was about to trespass, then I shamed myself for it and confidently walked down into the trees. I skirted the power station\'92s perimeter with the fence on my left, following the path down a steep hill and onto some railroad tracks. I followed the tracks for only a couple of minutes before I was forced to cross a creek, at which point I decided to leave the tracks and follow the creek instead. \
When I was little I did exactly the same thing. Always wondering where the water would come out. As a seven year old I followed the neighbor\'92s miniature creek through their back yard to a place I called \'93The Colored Rocks\'94. Three giant, strangely painted boulders at the edge of the property captured my fascination as a child to the point that I organized expeditions with the other neighborhood kids to the vast unknown. Around eleven I walked for hours and hours down a stream, under roadways and past where an eleven year old should be. I emerged from the creek near a strip mall and had to call my mom to come pick me up. It had taken me the entire day to get to where I was. When my mom came, I was only a few miles from home, and she just smiled and asked me about my adventures. \
Following this creek had led me through a small wood and deposited me into a field. Across the field was a concrete structure, some sort of terminus that no train had ever used. As I neared, I saw the structure was covered in graffiti and filled with trash. Nothing looked especially recent, but it was obvious that people had had their fun there. As I rounded the corner I could see why; spread in front of me was an adorable quarry filled with clear blue water that glittered in the sun. A diving board had been installed, there was a small fire pit. It was exactly the sort of place you imagine spending your youth in. It was reminiscent of Stand By Me but without the dead body. \
At least, there wasn\'92t a dead body there the first time I found it. \
Dan gives me a look of hate when I tell him that he\'92s going to help me get rid of the body. It\'92s broad daylight, so I have him park right next to the path. I deftly  tip up the jukebox pull the body out of the car. He comes more easily than I expect, and I use my stumble to push him into the bushes. I kick his feet out of sight.\
\'93Park the car and come on.\'94 I have no intention of leaving the body out in the open in my perfect sanctuary, but there was a shed at the quarry that would allow us to store the thing and come back to it. I\'92d been to this clearing a million times, and I\'92d not once seen another person once I\'92d gotten to the power station fence. I\'92d set up observational booby traps to see if anyone ever came down here, and I\'92d never caught anyone, so I\'92m pretty sure it\'92s all mine. \
Dan and I quickly carry the body down the tracks to the creek. I\'92m holding the cowboy\'92s legs under my arms and facing forward and Dan keeps running his knees into the  oozing skull. I don\'92t know why I\'92m insisting that we store the body, only that I have the feeling I\'92ll be happy that we did. Chances are we leave it forever or that it decomposes the way bodies are supposed to.\
The shed hasn\'92t been opened since the last time I stored something in it. Last time, I felt the need to hide my old passport, which hadn\'92t been invalidated when I got the new one. They 
\i forgot
\i0  to punch a hole in it and sent it back to me, still valid. It was a little tattered sure, but I could still use it if there ever came a time when acquiring my new passport was difficult. Of course, if I\'92m having a difficult time picking up something from my apartment I\'92m probably already on a do not fly list somewhere. \
}